# Lab: Privilege escalation via server-side prototype pollution

Challenge Description:
This lab is built on Node.js and the Express framework. It is vulnerable to server-side prototype pollution because it unsafely merges user-controllable input into a server-side JavaScript object. This is simple to detect because any polluted properties inherited via the prototype chain are visible in an HTTP response.

To solve the lab:

    Find a prototype pollution source that you can use to add arbitrary properties to the global Object.prototype.
    Identify a gadget property that you can use to escalate your privileges.
    Access the admin panel and delete the user carlos.

You can log in to your own account with the following credentials: wiener:peter 

Goal:
 Escalate privileges when the server merges request data into objects.

Solution:
 English: Use __proto__.isAdmin=true to pollute the server-side prototype and trigger privilege escalation.
 Indonesian: Gunakan __proto__.isAdmin=true untuk mencemari prototype sisi server dan memicu eskalasi hak istimewa.

Step:
1. Pertama sesuai deskripsi chall cari prototype pollution source seperti `__proto__`
2. Selanjutnya cari pemicu dimana ini bisa dijalankan yaitu di `POST /my-account/change-address` jika di capture dengan burpsuite dan send request, response nya akan menunjukkan `"isAdmin":false`
3. untuk mengubahnya menjadi true bisa gunakan ini payload ini `"__proto__":{ "isAdmin":true}` dan mengubahnya menjadi true, sisanya masuk ke admin panel, dan delete user carlos

Payload:
"__proto__":{ "isAdmin":true}
